ABOUT INDUSTRIAL CONCLAVE

The Industrial Conclave is a one-of-a-kind platform connecting entrepreneurship enthusiasts to industrial big-wigs and visionaries. The conclave boasts itself for providing students, the opportunity to broaden their avenues and learn about the business dynamics of the industry growing at a blisteringly fast pace. In this 3-day techno-management extravaganza blessed with prominent speakers, the keynote speakers share their enduring experiences and their ambitions that fuel their continuing passion to build new enterprise businesses.

PREVIOUS SPEAKERS

P R Ramesh - Chairman of Deloitte India

The master of strategy, financial analysis and management consulting to name a few of his skills, the chairman of Deloitte India, Mr. P. R. Ramesh has over 36 years of experience in serving large national and multinational clients in various business sectors.

Indraneel Ganguli
Global Head Marketing, Tech Mahindra

Mr. Ganguli’s vast experience and specializations in Customer Relationship Management, Media & Advertising made his keynote mesmerising and inspiring. As the current Global Head of Marketing & Brand at Tech Mahindra he brought something exceptional by way of skill to our audience.

Smita Nair Jain
Senior Divisional Vice President
Sears Holdings India

Ms. Smita Nair Jain has been in National and global leadership roles and was also awarded the LinkedIn Power Profile for the year 2015. She is also a popular speaker amongst leading business schools in India and left the audience in awe with her mesmerising keynote.

Moninder Jain - Managing Director - South East Asia Markets at Logitech

Mr Moninder Jain is someone who not only has a good understanding of the Indian market, but also has immense knowledge of technology. Known for his extensive experience sales, marketing and product management, Mr. Jain is an exceptional leader with an inherent flair to build enterprise businesses. 

Amit Sethi - President and CIO, Axis Bank

The person responsible for the huge switch from offline banking to mobile banking, Mr. Amit Sethi is a strong believer in thinking ahead of time and making innovation pervasive. It is during his reign that Axis Bank has received the Best Bank Award for Digital Banking, Analytics and Big Data.

Sreejit Roy - VP: Sectors, IBM India

With over 20 years of experience in the industry, Mr. Sreejit Roy is an entrepreneurship guru and an excellent role model. Well-known for his thirst to make businesses succeed, his keynote was enlightening and awe inspiring. 

Andreas Wolf - Joint Managing Director, Bosch Ltd., India

Having served the company all over the world over the past 24 years of his career, Dr Wolf is known for his impeccable leadership skills and brilliant business strategic thinking. His hard work is commendable and has helped Bosch surpass many milestones. 

Farhat Jamal - Senior VP, Taj Hotels Resorts and Palaces

Having tremendous experience of over 30 years in the hospitality sector, Mr. Farhat Jamal is a highly accomplished leader and a visionary. In addition to having worked across the globe at top positions in huge companies, he has been a speaker/panelist at many hospitality forums and conferences. 

Bharat Salhotra
Vice President Sales & Business Development, Asia Pacific Region, Alstom

With a spectacular academic background and a huge list of accomplishments in the industry, Mr Salhotra is responsible not only for the major progress Alstom has made in the subcontinent, but also for positive reform in India’s railways. 

Marten Pieters - Board Member and Former MD & CEO, Vodafone

Mr. Pieters is an epitome of innovation. As MD & CEO, he took Vodafone to even greater heights in India, and was the driving force behind providing internet into Indian villages. He is decidedly a pioneer in the Indian telecom industry.

Debasish Mitter - Country Director, MSDF India

A social entrepreneur and humanitarian, Debasish Mitter is well-known for his commitment towards the upliftment of society. As the country director of MSDF he has been the driving force behind the successful operations of the company in India. 

Rohit Ohri - Chairman & CEO FCB India - FCB Ulka

Always about the next level, Mr. Ohri is a man with a vision of leaving a legacy. A Man of Metaphors. The group chairman and CEO of FCB Ulka describes the company as "a yacht that needs the sails to be put up again and new winds to take it in a new direction.” 

